# Not Implemented/Incomplete

## Hunter
affiliation: villagers
appears to be: villager
ability: when dying, must kill another player

## Paranormal Investigator
affiliation: villagers
appears to be: villager
ability: can once per match choose one player, and will be displayed the affiliation (appears to be) of that player, as well as two randomly selected other players
TODO: i dont like this idea too much, maybe something else instead


# Implemented

## Amor
affiliation: villagers
appears to be: villager
ability: choose two players to be in love

## Werewolf
affiliation: werewolves
appears to be: werewolf
ability: choose one target as group every night, that target should die (death can be prevented by other roles)

## Lycanthrope
affiliation: villagers
appears to be: werewolf
ability: -

## Spy
affiliation: villagers
appears to be: villager
ability: choose one player every night, and find out what they appear to be (villager/werewolf); lycanthropes will appear to be werewolves

## Protector
affiliation: villagers
appears to be: villager
ability: can protect one player every night (including themselves); cannot protect the same target two nights in a row; the protected player cannot die that night

## Elder
affiliation: villagers
appears to be: villager
ability: dies automatically in night n + 1, where n is the number of werewolves alive

## Witch
affiliation: villagers
appears to be: villager
ability: can protect one player per match, and kill one player per match, and can see who the werewolves targeted
